added note (#10410)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-sandbox/windows-sandbox-overview.md

- **Secure**: Uses hardware-based virtualization for kernel isolation. It relies on the Microsoft hypervisor to run a separate kernel that isolates Windows Sandbox from the host.
- **Efficient:** Uses the integrated kernel scheduler, smart memory management, and virtual GPU.

   > [!IMPORTANT]

>    > Sandbox has enabled network connection by default. It can be disabled using [Sandbox Configuration file](/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-sandbox/windows-sandbox-configure-using-wsb-file#networking).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > Sandbox enables network connection by default. It can be disabled using the [sandbox configuration file](/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-sandbox/windows-sandbox-configure-using-wsb-file#networking).
```
